Types of variables with respect to their scope:
    There are three types of variables w.r.t their scope.
    1) local variables.
    2) instance variables.
    3) static variables.
Local variables:
    A variables that is created inside a method loop switch case or any block of code is called local variable.
When we should use local variables:
    Local variables occupy the computers memory for the shortest amount of time. We should always go with
    local variables if it is possible, but they are limited in scope we can't use local variables outside the
    block in which they are declared.
    for(int i=0; i<5;i++){
    System.out.println(i);
    }
local variable is like president of countries. They only have authority within their country.They can only be accessed inside its block of code

Instance variables:
    Which are declared outside a block of code but inside a class are called instance variables.
when we should use instance variables:
    when we are planning to create multiple objects of a class, or we want to share something in multiple
    methods we should go with instance variables. They occupy the memory for longer as compared to
    local variables.

static variables:
    if an instance variable has a keyword static is called a static variable.
When we should use static variables.
    When we need to share something across the objects. we use static variables.
    but it occupies the memory for longest amount of time.

                            VARIABLES RECAP

 Types of variables in java with respect to their scope:
     There are three types of variables in java with respect to their
     scope. Local instance and static.
 Local variables:
     If a variable is declared inside a block of code like method, loop,
     if-condition they are called local variables.
 Up-Side of a local variable:
     The upside is they exist for a very short amount of time in the memory.
     which means other programs on our computer can use that memory.
 Down-Side of local variables:
     Their scope is very limited. only inside that block in which they are created.
     we can't access them outside that block.
 When to use:
     We should always try to use local variable over instance variables whenever it
     is possible.
 Instance variables:
     The variables which are declared inside a class but outside of block of code are called
     instance variables.
 Up-side:
     We can use these variables inside any block of code that is inside that class.

 DownSide:
     They occupy the memory for longer than a local variable.
 When we should use instance variables:
     1) When we need to share a value between two or more methods then we should go with the instance variable.
     2) When we are planing to create multiple objects of a class and it is possible that all the objects can have
     a different value for that variable.
 static variable:
     An instance variable with static keyword is called a static variable.
 Up-side:
     We can share data across the objects with the help of static variable.
 Down-side:
     They occupy the memory for the longest period.
 When to use:
     When we want to share something across all the methods.